In this file I will document my rose-bud-thorn for each week of datacamp journey

Week#1 Intro to Git & Intermediate Git

Rose: This course was easy to follow along and after taking these courses I got some energy to set up my git account and practice the code for real in my git 
by creating repos, creating files, learning to stage files, commit and push them to remote. It was so much fun!

Bud: I talked about using git with my team members at the Climate Hub who apparetly don't use git. I explained how we could do version control with it and they
could benefit from it. I explained the concept but when I tried to show them in real time with my commmands skills I learnt the other night, I forgot the code 
for push (Haha). It was embarrasing. But I told them that after this quarter, I will definitely show them smoothly how to do version control with git. So, that 
what I look forward to. I will continue using git and also look forward to do the advanced git course and be able to share my learning with my git so I can 
convince them to start using git.

Thorn: Nothing really

Week#2 Intro to Shell, Bash Scripting

Rose: I really liked the Intro to Shell. I like that it doesn't have recorded lecture version, but just the description that you can read and understand the 
commmand for different tasks and practice in terminal. Its nicely structured for someone to start learning shell. Highly recommeneded!

Bud: I look forward to using my shell scriping skills and access things from terminal like cool people do

Thorn: I started the Bash Scripting course. The did my first task in terminal and it refuses to move to next! Its annoying I am still stuck there. 

Week#3 Visualizing Geospatial Data in Python

Rose: I really liked this course. It teaches how to make geospatial maps. I am not fond of ArcGIS and other similar tools, so I was so happy to be able to make maps 
using python code. Also, in the course they talk about different map projects and they shared a web comic that says what does your favourite map project says about you.
Its funny! Here is the link to the comic https://xkcd.com/977/

Bud: I look forward to doing some geospatial Visualization because that's what I will be focusing on for my captson. Also, I could use some help if anyone here has some 
suggestions for the data source I can use for my capstone project. I would like to do simple geospatial analysis for California agriculture and climate. 

Thorn: I still couldn't figure out my way around the glitch from Bash Scripting. 